# uno-card-game
### Raul Frias Perez & Lauren Xiong spring 2021 final project

In this project, we are trying to use python to simulate a game of Uno. Our game has the same rules as Uno to match either card number or color. There are also special cards that change the color of the card it is on, and cards to give extra cards to other players. The goal of the game is to get rid of all the cards, and the first player who reaches that goal would be the winner of the game.

Because we want our game to be designed in a relatively simple way, the number of players who could join the game at once is set to be four. During the implementation of our codes, we created four classes to store the information and iterate through the game in the file named 'uno_decj.py'. To start with, we defined 112 cards in total so that it would be easy to call and use the cards in the rest of the game. Then, we created a class to contain all the cards in the deck. Because it would be a bit complicated if special cards appear to be the first of the deck, we manually removed this situation from our game. Besides the class of the deck, we created another one which defines and tracks the cards in a player's hand. After that, we iterated throught the process of drawing cards from the deck, entering the right card that the player wants to discard, checking for any problems with the player's decision, moving on to the next player and checking for the winner of the game. In the file 'uno-game-test.ipynb', we implemented unit tests for the game and did troubleshoot to make sure that it functions properly.
